+++
publishDate = 2021-07-28T16:00:00Z
releaseVariant = "Stable"
releaseVersion = "3.2.2"
title = 21072303
[android]
sesl = "12.1"
spl = "2021-07-01T8:00:00+08:00"
version = "11"
[delta]
noMirror = false
packageHash = "71e3bf60ebffa7de4876ce31a5d4f71a"
packageSize = 2966835936
packageUrl = "Releases/a50/3.2.2S/FRSH-RP1A_a50xx_3.2.2S_21072303_OFFICIAL.zip"

+++
**Fresh 3.2 Update with One UI 3.1**

Fresh 3.2 breaks boundaries of what your device can do. The improved experience has put everything that matters to you, front and center. Performance improvements has made your device more powerful, and let's you enjoy what matters most. And Fresh 3.2 enhances your experience with new possibilities on what can you do.

Scroll down for a full list of changes.

**Flagship-class Experiences**

Fresh 3.2 is powerful than ever. With the Samsung Galaxy S20 Fan Edition as its base, this release brings support for flagship-class features such as live blur (installed separately) and Samsung DeX (wireless and DeX on PC; installed separately).

This release also brings media experiences from new Galaxy devices, including full Single Take 2.0 support, photo remastering, improved My Filter, Motion Photos, and Best Photo support.

**More Customization**

Fresh 3.2 is the most customizable version of Fresh, and variant of One UI, has ever been. Make your device yours by mix 'n matching your wallpaper and device theme with olor-matching Theme, and customize the icons on your status bar.

**Improved Performance**

Fresh Core has been upstreamed to 4.14.212 with patches from the Linux community, Google, and Samsung; as well as optimizations to the kernel and system.

**Enhanced Features**

* The security of your device has been improved with July 2021 security patches.
* Screen resolution changing has been improved.
* Fixes for Dolby Atmos
* Full VoLTE support for Dito Telecommunity (PH)

You can view the full changelog of this release on:

https://tensevntysevn.cf/blog/fresh-3.2-think-outside-the-box/

**Update Notes:**

\- Dual Messenger is now optional due to changes that causes issues on users with lock screen security. See the full changelog for more information.

\- Some apps will need to be updated separately after the update.

\- Fresh Core addon has been pulled from the store. A new way to update the kernel will be available soon.

\- Samsung DeX touchpad support depends on the kernel installed. Fresh Core currently supports it, with more kernels supporting the feature in the near future.