+++
publishDate = 2022-12-08T16:00:00Z
releaseVariant = "Stable"
releaseVersion = "4.4.2"
title = 22120801
[android]
sesl = "4.1"
spl = "2022-10-01T8:00:00+08:00"
version = "12"
[delta]
noMirror = true
packageHash = "c59a6e403a47bde03aaf621fa7cd4fea"
packageSize = 3303292098
packageUrl = "https://gitlab.com/FreshROMs/sus/-/raw/main/FRSH-OTA-SP1A_a50_4.4.2.01R_22120801_OFFICIAL.zip"

+++

**One UI 4.1 Upgrade (Fresh 4)**

Fresh 4 is here and it's more awesome than ever. From an intuitive install wizard to more flagship features. No need to ask "how to make your phone x", Fresh 4 has got what it takes to love your phone, again.

Check out the changes below.


### Performance you can depend on

Released just last week, Mint 12.2 brings an enormous amount of performance improvements from a revamped scheduler to a smarter CPU governor that improves performance without sacrificing battery life.

Fresh 4 also brings 'Performance Modes' accessible from Zest and quick settings, allowing you to optimize performance when and where you need it. With options for gaming and multitasking, the synergy between Fresh and Mint optimizes your device to enable you to do more awesome things.


### Zest

With a bigger and better Zest on Fresh 4, you no longer need to compromise between vital features and customization to make your phone more awesome.

**Fingerprint animation style**

You cna now customize the fingerprint animation shown on your lock screen. Match your lock screen with your style or your personality with over 13 animations to choose from, with more to come very soon!

**More icon customization**

Fresh 4 brings more icon options to its data connection and Wi-Fi icon styles, including styles from more carriers and the Wi-Fi 6 and 6e icons. Fresh 4 also brings Voice-over-LTE (VoLTE) icon customization as well as enabling a hidden location indicator that matches the new dots for the camera and microphone. 


### Color palette

Customize your phone with unique colors based on your wallpaper. Your colors will be applied to menus, buttons, backgrounds, and apps throughout your phone.


### Privacy

One UI 4.1 offers strong privacy protection to make sure your personal information doesn’t fall into the wrong hands.

**Permission info at a glance**

See when each app accesses sensitive permissions such as Location, Camera, or Microphone in Permission usage. You can deny permissions for any apps you don’t feel comfortable with.

**Camera and microphone indicators**

Keep prying eyes and ears away. A green dot will appear in the upper right corner of the screen when any app is using the camera or microphone. You can also use quick panel controls to temporarily block all apps from using the camera or microphone.

**Approximate location**

Keep your exact location private. You can set apps that don't need to know exactly where you are to only have access your general area.

**Clipboard protection**

Keep your passwords, credit card numbers, and other sensitive information safe. You can choose to receive an alert whenever an app accesses content copied to the clipboard in another app.


### Gallery

Whether you’ve got thousands of pictures and videos or just a few treasured moments, Gallery makes it easier to find what you need and keep your collection organized.

**Enhanced stories**

See your stories come to life with highlight videos that are created automatically. Just tap the preview at the top of each story to watch. You can also explore where the pictures in your stories were taken in the new Map view.

**Easier albums**

Sort through albums more easily—even if they’ve got tons of pictures. In fact, you can sort albums by how many pictures and videos they contain so that your favorite and most used albums are always at the top of the list. A cover image also appears at the top of the screen when you view an album to give you a better feel for what the album contains.

**More control over information**

Change or remove the date, time, and location of your pictures to correct it or keep it private. You can also select several pictures and edit their information at once.

**Object eraser**

The new Object eraser tool lets you instantly remove objects or even people from your photos. Check the guide below to learn how to erase unwanted subjects to create a more satisfying photo.


### Device Care

See your phone’s performance, security, and battery life at a glance, solve problems quickly, and get deep diagnostics for more complex issues.

**Battery and security at a glance**

Battery and security issues will appear right on the main screen so you can solve problems more quickly.

**Understand your phone’s overall status**

Your phone’s overall status is shown as an emoji, so you can understand instantly.

**Diagnostic checks**

Now you can get right to Samsung Members diagnostics from Device Care. If something seems wrong with your phone, try the diagnostic tests to find out what the problem is and get suggestions for solving it.


### More features and improvements

**Better Always On Display**

Never miss a notification. You can now set Always On Display to turn on whenever you get a notification. New animated stickers are also available to keep your Always On Display looking fresh.

**Enhanced Dark mode**

To keep you comfortable in the dark, Dark mode now automatically dims wallpapers and icons. Illustrations in Samsung apps now have Dark mode versions with darker colors for a more consistent experience that’s easier on your eyes.

**Charging info at a glance**

When you start charging, different visual effects let you know your charging speed more intuitively.

**Easier brightness control**

A bigger brightness bar in the quick panel makes it easier to change screen brightness with a swipe.

**Tips preview videos**

Learn more about what your Galaxy can do with preview videos on the main screen of the Tips app.

**Safety and emergency menu**

The new Safety and emergency menu in Settings lets you manage your emergency contacts and safety information all in one place.

**Settings search enhancements**

Improved search features help you find the settings you need, when you need them. You’ll get suggestions for related features depending on what you search for.

**Keep your eyes on the road**

The new Driving monitor in Digital Wellbeing keeps track of when you use your phone while driving. You’ll get reports on how much you used your phone and which apps you used.

**Skip an alarm just once**

Feel like sleeping in? You can now turn off an alarm just for one occurrence. It will turn back on automatically after it’s skipped.

**Day or night at a glance**

Have a friend on the other side of the world? It’s easier to see if it’s a good time to contact them. The dual clock widget now shows different background colors for each city depending on whether it’s day or night.

**Switch from texts to calls**

Texting not cutting it? Tap the person’s name at the top of the conversation to see their details or start a voice or video call.

**More search results in Messages**

Now you can search your messages for photos, videos, web links, and more. The results are all filtered so you can jump right to what you’re looking for.

**Easier search in My Files**

Find the file you’re looking for, even if there’s a typo or the name doesn’t match exactly. The Recent files area has also been expanded to help you quickly locate files you’ve used or received recently.

**Enhanced Edge panels**

Keep your current app in view while using edge panels. Blurring has been removed to help you see more at once.

**Resizable picture-in-picture**

If a floating video is getting in the way, pinch your fingers together to make it smaller. Want to see more? Spread your fingers apart to make it bigger.

**Quick access to pop-up window options**

For easier multitasking, you can pin the window options menu to the top of the window to make it easier to access.

Following applications or features added: RAM Plus

Some apps will need to be updated separately after the One UI 4.1 upgrade.
