+++
publishDate = 2021-09-17T16:00:00Z
releaseVariant = "Stable"
releaseVersion = "3.2.3"
title = 21091702
[android]
sesl = "3.1"
spl = "2021-08-01T8:00:00+08:00"
version = "11"
[delta]
noMirror = false
packageHash = "e7e8446c2d012d2c6a0fce2967b153ce"
packageSize = 540246792
packageUrl = "OTA/a50xx/FRSH-RP1A_a50xx_3.2.3S_21091702_OTA.zip"

+++
### Fresh 3.2.3 Stable

This release brings improvements to your device in terms of stability, performance, and security.

**Core**

* A complete rework of the kernel from scratch, now known as **Mint**.
* Downstream kernel to 4.14.180 to enhance stability.
* Port Samsung's SQZR writeback, now known as "RAM Plus".
* Merged a number of tweaks for enhanced performance and battery life.
* Enhanced fingerprint scanning to improve biometric speed.
* Update TeamWin Recovery (TWRP) to latest release.

**System**

* August 2021 security patches from Samsung, based on CUHx builds.
* Complete rework on system memory management to avoid heavy system loads.
* Support for **Samsung RAM Plus**, an improvement to Android's ZRAM swap.
* Tweak how Samsung Low Memory Killer (sLMK) handles "pressure" from kernel PSI indicators.
* Major tweaks to Samsung's Hyper CPU booster to improve UI performance.
* Alleviate the vendor issue of the Wi-Fi driver crashing due to load, causing the device to reboot.
* Enable Android Runtime (ART) heap compaction to have apps consume less memory.
* ART tweaks following Android Go specifications to lessen the tendency for apps (notably YouTube) to eat too much RAM.
* Updated thermal thresholds according to latest vendor release.
* Fix a potential issue with Wi-Fi Hotspot on certain devices.

**Experience**

* Fix Color-matching Theme applying the wrong color on some wallpapers.
* Updated Samsung Camera and Photo Editor.
* Some applications from Galaxy A series that takes less space on the system. More addons should now be installable.
* Minor debloating of unused system components.

Update regressions:

- Google SafetyNet will **not** pass on several devices. This is to be fixed by next update.
- Camera app still crashes when selecting ratio on **Fun Mode**. This is an issue from 3.2.2, and will be fixed very soon.

A software update can include, but is not limited to:

- Device stability improvements, bug fixes.
- New and / or enhanced features.
- Further improvements of performance.

To get the best from your device, please keep your device up to date and regularly check for software updates.
