+++
publishDate = 2022-12-08T16:00:00Z
releaseVariant = "Stable"
releaseVersion = "4.4.2"
title = 22120801
[android]
sesl = "4.1"
spl = "2022-10-01T8:00:00+08:00"
version = "12"
[delta]
noMirror = true
packageHash = "c59a6e403a47bde03aaf621fa7cd4fea"
packageSize = 3303292098
packageUrl = "https://gitlab.com/FreshROMs/sus/-/raw/main/FRSH-OTA-SP1A_a50_4.4.2.01R_22120801_OFFICIAL.zip"

+++

**One UI 4.1 Upgrade (Fresh 4)**

Fresh 4 is here and it's more awesome than ever. From an intuitive install wizard to more flagship features. No need to ask how to make your phone x, Fresh 4 has got what it takes to love your phone, again.

Check out the changes below.


### Performance you can depend on

Released just last week, Mint 12.2 brings an enormous amount of performance improvements from a revamped scheduler to a smarter CPU governor that improves performance without sacrificing battery life.

Fresh 4 also brings Performance Modes accessible from Zest and quick settings, allowing you to optimize performance when and where you need it. With options for gaming and multitasking, the synergy between Fresh and Mint optimizes your device to enable you to do more awesome things.


### Zest

With a bigger and better Zest on Fresh 4, you no longer need to compromise between vital features and customization to make your phone more awesome.

**Fingerprint animation style**

You cna now customize the fingerprint animation shown on your lock screen. Match your lock screen with your style or your personality with over 13 animations to choose from, with more to come very soon!

**More icon customization**

Fresh 4 brings more icon options to its data connection and Wi-Fi icon styles, including styles from more carriers and the Wi-Fi 6 and 6e icons. Fresh 4 also brings Voice-over-LTE (VoLTE) icon customization as well as enabling a hidden location indicator that matches the new dots for the camera and microphone. 


### Color palette

Customize your phone with unique colors based on your wallpaper. Your colors will be applied to menus, buttons, backgrounds, and apps throughout your phone.

For easier multitasking, you can pin the window options menu to the top of the window to make it easier to access.

Following applications or features added: RAM Plus

Some apps will need to be updated separately after the One UI 4.1 upgrade.
