+++
publishDate = 2021-07-30T16:00:00Z
releaseVariant = "Stable"
releaseVersion = "3.2.21"
title = 21080101
[android]
sesl = "12.1"
spl = "2021-07-01T8:00:00+08:00"
version = "11"
[delta]
noMirror = false
packageHash = "71e3bf60ebffa7de4876ce31a5d4f71a"
packageSize = 2147483647
packageUrl = "Releases/a50/3.2.2S/FRSH-RP1A_a50xx_3.2.2S_21072303_OFFICIAL.zip"

+++
### Fresh 3.2 Update with One UI 3.1

Fresh 3.2 breaks boundaries of what your device can do. The improved experience has put everything that matters to you, front and center. Performance improvements has made your device more powerful, and let's you enjoy what matters most. And Fresh 3.2 enhances your experience with new possibilities on what can you do.

Scroll down for a full list of changes.

#### Flagship-class Experiences

Fresh 3.2 is powerful than ever. With the Samsung Galaxy S20 Fan Edition as its base, this release brings support for flagship-class features such as live blur (installed separately) and Samsung DeX (wireless and DeX on PC; installed separately).

This release also brings media experiences from new Galaxy devices. Your Single Take shots are now more creative with portrait, collage, and even more video styles made for just 5-15 seconds worth of video with full Single Take 2.0 support. Portrait Mode has also been updated with more artistic portrait styles and Studio support on both the front camera. Remaster your old photos with the new Remaster Photo feature on Gallery (app update required) and reminisce memories in higher quality.

This release also brings Motion Photos and Best Photo support, better My Filter processing, and various fixes for the camera.

#### More Customization

Fresh 3.2 is the most customizable version of Fresh, and variant of One UI, has ever been. Make your device yours by mix 'n matching your wallpaper and device theme with olor-matching Theme, and customize the icons on your status bar.

This releases also improves Zest, your new one-stop shop for all Fresh-specific settings and customizations. This is constantly growing and getting new features so make sure to keep Fresh Hub updated for more customization options.

#### Improved Performance

Fresh Core has been upstreamed to 4.14.212 with patches from the Linux community, Google, and Samsung; as well as optimizations to the kernel and system.

This release also moves the low memory killer (LMK) to use Pressure Stall Indicators (PSI) introduced in Android 10. This allows for more accurate representation of RAM usage, making for better memory management.

**Enhanced Features**

* The security of your device has been improved with July 2021 security patches.
* Better security with full support for Google System Security Updates
* Screen resolution changing has been improved.
* Easily access Quick Share from settings
* Easy access to Nearby Share and other sharing options when you share photos, videos, and more.
* More full-featured Gallery search
* Improvements to the camera
* Fixes for Dolby Atmos
* Full VoLTE support for Dito Telecommunity (PH)

You can view the full changelog of this release on the tensevntysevn website.

**Update Notes:**

Dual Messenger is now optional due to changes that causes issues on users with lock screen security. See the full changelog for more information.

Some apps will need to be updated separately after the update.

Fresh Core addon has been pulled from the store. A new way to update the kernel will be available soon.

Samsung DeX touchpad support depends on the kernel installed. Fresh Core currently supports it, with more kernels supporting the feature in the near future.