+++
publishDate = 2021-08-31T16:00:00Z
releaseVariant = "Beta"
releaseVersion = "3.2.27"
title = 21090108
[android]
sesl = "3.1"
spl = "2021-07-01T8:00:00+08:00"
version = "11"
[delta]
noMirror = false
packageHash = "80e253cc7ca490b0a7619fa51166e226"
packageSize = 16650842
packageUrl = "OTA/a50/FRSH-RP1A_a50dx_3.2.27B_21090108_OTA.zip"

+++
### Fresh 3.2.27 Beta

**Fresh Core**

* More work on kernel memory management. SPARSEMEM is back, since I observed that RAM usage is slightly lower when it's used.
* Move back to 300HZ interrupts to slightly improve device performance, since the WLAN issues actually come from system load.
* Cherry-pick for-performance tweaks from custom kernels for the Google Pixel 4, courtesy of kdrag0n (Danny Lin).
* Merge remaining tweaks from older Fresh Core source. Barring select features currently in private testing, the new Fresh Core builds are now about 100% as feature-rich as older builds.

**System**

Please test and leave feedback on Discord channel, **especially for 4GB variant testers.**

* More work on system memory management. Total apps kept in memory are **20** for 4GB, and **30** for 6GB variants. This is significantly lower than Qualcomm's limits (4GB gets 32, >=6GB gets 38), but One UI is naturally heavy so I had to adjust limits.
* Enable ART heap compaction to have apps consume less memory. This is meant to be used with higher limits on background apps, but I'm using it to have a balanced number of apps kept in the background without consuming too much RAM. This is enabled with the new Fresh Services app.
* Samsung's Page Boost settings are back to the one used on 3.1-3.2.25. Using the configuration from the Galaxy A51 negatively impacts performance.
* Samsung's "Chimera" memory manager has been reduced to just maintaining RAM above threshold, as 3.2.26 used it for app killing. This reduces kills in the background.
* Reinstate "crikill booster" and "drkill booster". This is what the Galaxy M21 uses anyway so I'm adopting that. Also disabling Samsung's "Kill Policy" to improve heuristics on app killing.
* Tweak how the Low Memory Killer Daemon (lmkd) handles "pressure" from PSI indicators. It handles memory pressure very similar to stock, which in turn is very close to Android Go rather than main Android, albeit slightly higher to reduce kills in the background.
* Android Runtime (ART) tweaks following Android Go specifications which should lessen the tendency for apps (notably YouTube) to gobble up too much RAM. **Use Galaxy App Booster or wipe data to take advantage of this**, as this requires a "re-cache" of ART caches.
* Minor changes to SemHyPer booster. Just improve latencies when gestures are detected to lessen jitter, especially on areas with dynamic blur (i.e. notification panel).