+++
publishDate = 2021-09-10T16:00:00Z
releaseVariant = "Beta"
releaseVersion = "3.2.281"
title = 21091101
[android]
sesl = "3.1"
spl = "2021-08-01T8:00:00+08:00"
version = "11"
[delta]
noMirror = false
packageHash = "35b5b6048200aa79fccd1fdb9baad101"
packageSize = 507031976
packageUrl = "OTA/a50dd/FRSH-RP1A_a50dd_3.2.281B_21091101_OTA.zip"

+++
### Fresh 3.2.281 Prestable

This is a culmination of all changes from 3.2.21 to 3.2.27, as well as an update to the device vendor.

**Core**

* A complete rework of Fresh Core from scratch, improving kernel memory management.
* Downstream kernel back to 4.14.180 for stability.
* Re-backport Samsung's SQZR writeback, now known as "RAM Plus" 
* For-performance tweaks from custom kernels for the Pixel 4, OnePlus 6, POCO X3, and Redmi Note 9S.
* Boosted fingerprint scan to improve biometric speed.
* Update TeamWin Recovery (TWRP) to latest release.

**System**

* August 2021 security patches from Samsung, based on CUHx builds.
* Support for Samsung "RAM Plus", or virtual memory.
* Complete rework on system memory management to avoid heavy system loads.
* Tweak how Samsung Low Memory Killer (sLMK) handles "pressure" from kernel PSI indicators.
* Major tweaks to Samsung's Hyper CPU booster to improve UI performance.
* Alleviate the vendor issue of the Wi-Fi driver crashing due to load, causing the device to reboot.
* Enable Android Runtime (ART) heap compaction to have apps consume less memory.
* ART tweaks following Android Go specifications to lessen the tendency for apps (notably YouTube) to eat too much RAM.
* Updated thermal thresholds according to latest vendor release.

**Experience**

* Fix Factory Mode for non-NFC device variants.
* Fix Color-matching Theme applying the wrong color on some wallpapers.
* Some applications from Galaxy A series that takes less space on the system. More addons should now be installable.
* Minor debloating of unused system components.
